I'm so embarrassed.
I'm so angry.
I'm so mad.
I'm going to kill that girl.
I'm going to kill her.
What?
Even if you do that,
you will not be able to be a good girl.
What?
Again?
There are various ways to kill.
I'm going to kill her again.
I'm so sad.
Member to those who sacrificed a new life
Now he's laughing–
You can kill me!
Hey, I told you to stop!
– Dig in! – Not now!
You must be hungry.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Where is my wishing card?
advice?
advice You saidSebaru,
you are praying.
di…
Devotee.
Death.
Division G sagt,
Excuse me.
Second Division,
George Anthonyーディーバ text confess
Parasite ethntones sensations
Shuichi Particle
F 가지
наша
ke
If you ask even the very
God of the分 Everyone knows
My point is clear
Go if you will